..and yet, I think that we can go ahead and
clean up a few highlights, and then I'm going
to use my 4B and push some things a little
farther back.
And this is the only time that I would really
use it.
It's just rare that I ever use the 4B.
But I think that probably most of the time,
I find a place where I can go into the darkest
place and show something even deeper; the
deepest part of that value.
So that's what I'm going to do right now.
And because we only have one overhead camera,
I'm going to have to really pay attention
here.
Let's go ahead and go a little closer here,
so that we can pick out a few things.
Let's look at our source here.
Now, it'd probably be good to be able to use
my lighter one, now that I'm thinking about
it, so that I can tell where is the deepest
part of some of these dark lines.
It's real easy to come in and do-- oh, I'm
sorry.
I had the wrong one.
It's real easy to
just think about this all as almost an eyeliner,
and make it all the same.
But as you can see, what I've already tried
to do is show a little bit of a difference
in the darkest place versus the lightest place.
And so that's what I'm going to do; I'm just
going to touch in a couple of places, still
trying to use-- maintain the clean edges,
and also keep this is in a soft transition.
But you can see now-- I might back this off,
but it's darker here.
It comes over here and gets a little lighter,
and it gets darker here.
This is another opportunity for me not to
press too hard.
I'm coming down to the place now where I just
want to emphasize a few things.
I'm going to show where it goes underneath
the eyelid; I love that separation.
I want to make sure that that's-- you know,
I can show that to the best of my ability.
And that is all quite dark in here, but maybe
I can emphasize that edge just a little bit.
We want to know where it disappears.
And now maybe I can come back in.
I want to be careful.
Just because I have my 4B, I don't want to
go ahead and say, 'Oh, this is a great opportunity;
I think I'll make everything dark.'
The effort that I'm making now is to maintain
the gradations, maintain the range of value,
the same quality I had built up with all my
other pencils.
But now I have a chance to push it a little
bit further, just in the darkest places.
And if I go away just using almost a line,
then I'm really defeating my purpose, too.
I want to have a clean edge, but I don't want
to have it just become a dark line on there.
So let's see what we can do here.
Let's go ahead and end this up there.
Let's make a little more value in the pupil
here.
Taking a few liberties, because it looks like
they're quite a bit lighter in this lighter
valued print.
I want to see some difference.
You notice that-- it almost appears that this
is darker than this.
Well, I know this is recessed in there, and
so I'm going to take that opportunity; maybe
I can push it back a little bit further.
And if I can, you can see the value in not
going to the extreme until you're ready.
Maybe just a little bit of a separation in
there.
I hope it'll pick up on camera.
I think-- I can see it here, and I hope that
I'm pushing it back.
But I don't want to just make a big, flat
spot; I want to really show that there is
even a deeper part to this area.
It would probably be back closer to this,
or maybe up underneath the hair.
Now let's see what we can do about the top.
Maybe there's a little bit more value I can
do with this one.
If this starts just becoming something that's
going to be gaining all the attention, then
I want to be very careful that I'm not just
making it too dark.
I guess I can keep emphasizing that, but I
don't want to just have it catch the eye;
I want it to enhance the drawing.
So I'm going in between a little bit, where
there could be the suggestion of eyelashes
here.
There's just a little variance in value, and
so I want to take my 4B opportunity to show
the spaces in between that are a little darker.
Just in a few little touches.
Doesn't take much.